everything started at 16 minutes a bad
Exit at the University of Chile
montaigne and the center the low of jesus
lucho figueroa of first nothing to do
for johnny herrera follow the match
I was 1 to 0 to joint order
Ecuadorian and played much better
is a rival in the first 45 minutes
for a quick reaction from the
sampaoli set
good move to lorenzetti will reach the
center above can not aránguiz and the
header
benson gutierrez to stop things from
that one to one interesting way here
with the seventh center
it came out of the goalkeeper
about the end of the first 45
minutes a very bad exit of aránguiz
the ball again going to be a
mondaini accommodates plays down
marlon de jesus the man of
over and goal
in the very do they say there was
lost the ball was going to look for it
it was very bad
the university of chile in the first
45 minutes and the goal of Marlon de Jesus to
the house for johnny herrera to the minute
the second 45 minutes and another is emelec
but look what is going to be pepe rojas
remarkable fantastic pitch so that
seville is how it comes first
turn the tie the final 2 to 2
and to think about the revenge of the 25th
October
excellent gorgeous red pp not the
wonder does not forgive 2 to 2
a little while later the 57,000 in what
another big ball is going to happen here and
again comes visa
today it has been quietly the third
goal of the University of Chile
thing that did not happen
and here a new occasion
the rejection pain a lucho figueroa for
marlon de jesus can not the defender
continues marlon aims and to love him
johnny herrera keeps the ball
quick exit after the goalkeeper is
it could have been the victory of
Chilean set
Lorenzetti slows down as he gives center
headbut could not gutiérrez and pe for
red
can not define how he wanted the
ball was going very close
the match 2 to 2 ended up justifying the
University of Chile after a
first time not so good is going to
to be one more emelec the figure of
party fought and johnny herrera stays
with the ball he said no to fight
figueroa